the folders and files inside the project have become to disoriented with all the changes and variations I have done to get to the end result. I want to reorginaize all the canvas kit folders. I want 3 files that sit in the root of each Canvas kit. look at the folder on my desktop 'Flowers In Vase's as the example of what I want the end product to be. It shoulder be a outline file that is a .svg which is a vector image used to send to a submlimation to then be transferred onto a canvas. it should be an 8x10 image and you should not need to create any of these as we created them recently, you may have to find them they are most likely in folders 8x10 svg. The next file should be a guide file. it is what the customer will use to help teem paint the canvas. some of the guide files have been updated to match the 8x10 image but some maybe still using the original file which was a square file. we will want to update these to match the 8x10 size. the last file is the reference file. this is a colorized version of  the outline file. and this is what the guide file should be showing you how to create. all the other files in the directory are either old, what I orginaly gave you to create some files or files you used to create different files like the guide file. the guide file should be a .pdf and the reference file should be a .pdf I want all the other files moved into a new folder in the main folder called info. if you can clean up the info folder to make it make more since that would be great and maybe put an archive folder in the info folder and move all unused files into it. I created a copy of the current Canvas Kit main folder on my desktop in case we need to revert any thing or you need reference do not change this folder. launch several agents to aid in this task and if you can run moor efficient modals to do some of the things to save tokens that would be great. do a deep review of what you have and what we want for each folder before you make changes and apply this to all the canvas kit folders in the project; update the .md files and the skills as needed so we keep this logic moving forward but also review any files in the project to help you better understand the project as a whole. we are creating Canvas paint kits to see and we use the outline file to sublimate onto a canvas and then we package the canvas paint pods the guide .pdf to help the customer create something like the reference .pdf which we give them. do not ask for permission to move files or create directories as I want you to do this. run this process with full permission